Add an information about the potential risk with uninitialized MTVEC (#1178)
riscv/riscv-isa-manual: src/machine.adoc

***

Reset and NMI vector locations are given in a platform specification.

***

> A potential security risk exists (e.g. CVE-2021-1104) if the mtvec CSR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Potential security risk (e.g. CVE-2021-1104): If the `mtvec` CSR is not initialized to a defined value before a hart executes out of reset, then there is a window of time during the execution when `mtvec` does not have a defined value. For example, during a boot firmware initialization of `mtvec`.
```

> A potential security risk exists (e.g. CVE-2021-1104) if the mtvec CSR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A potential security risk exists (e.g. CVE-2021-1104) if the `mtvec` CSR
```

> is not initialized to a suitable defined value before a hart starts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> execution out of reset, i.e. boot firmware initialization of mtvec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> results in a window of execution during which mtvec does not have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> results in a window of execution during which mtvec does not have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results in a window of execution during which a value is not defined for `mtvec`.
```

> a defined value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> a defined value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
